In this lesson, we start understanding current trends in cybersecurity.
You will review some of the recent data breaches to better
understand why security is critical for all organizations and people.
I'll also talk about security careers,
how you can get a job in cybersecurity or transition if you're moving from another field.
Security principles is about the underlying philosophies and
concepts of cybersecurity that underlie all we do.
In security best practices,
you'll learn basic steps to keep yourself and your technologies safe.
By the end of this lesson,
you will be able to identify current trends in
cybersecurity events and ways to protect yourself online,
describe cybersecurity careers, what you need to do to have and land a job,
and explain fundamentals, including core security principles,
critical security controls, and cybersecurity best practices.
Let's dive into these topics.